all right folks welcome back
this is an
extra lesson
but we'll call it episode 13 nonetheless
so last night
i gave a lesson on market structure for
precision technicians
and advanced price action theory
in action is going to be this lesson
here
so it's one thing to talk about it
and provide
the
basis as to what i'm doing when i'm
doing these executions
when i'm running these demo accounts up
really fast you know what am i doing how
am i doing it i got a lot of questions
as to how
i ran the ten thousand dollar account up
to which was at
256 000 this morning but it quickly got
to a point where
it no longer can be
appreciated
from students perspective
it's too fast of growth and the
acceleration just makes it
well you have new you have no connection
to it if you don't know how to do this
and you're new
you start seeing
velocity
in equity increasing even though it's a
demo it does not matter the same
principles are applied whether you're
trading with a live account or if you're
trading with a
demo account and you're learning
and i want to take you into
what it is i do
and
how i'm able to
run the equity up quick
what is the mindset behind what is i'm
doing but before i get into it let me
remind you what i stated last night in
the video
because of the heightened
volatility because of the uncertainty
and the
likelihood of
price action moves that would be
unexpected even for me
because it's already delivered what i
wanted to see happen anyway and i'm
technically bearish
on equities
i don't feel confident
or willing to risk after being
profitable in live trading
going short
this market
making my february gain
i don't want to go in
and risk that because it's already
arrived down below
these lows so there's an objective i
look for for the week
there's an objective i try to aim for
for the day
and there's something i'm aiming for for
a goal
for the month
so truth be told
the account that i'm showing with td
ameritrade i'm trying to illustrate
in my best
ability to pantomime how it would likely
be for a new student
if they were to try to do
live trading with a model
and aiming for 20 per month now some of
you are going to think well 20 isn't a
lot of money
you know it's not a lot of money well 20
isn't money
okay it's a percentage so i don't care
if you start with one dollar
if you make 20
consistently
the compounding effects of that
is astonishing
now
is it my belief that
my students can consistently hit
20 every single month
i would never go out on a limb and say
that
i might not hit 20 one of the months but
that is a goal that i'm aiming for
and if you're a new developing student
they have
worked very hard to find and refine your
own model with the things i'm teaching
and you have a trading plan that is well
documented you know what it is you're
doing when you're not going to do
something you have a complete
understanding of what it is that's going
to allow you to engage or not engage in
price
then how to manage that risk
all those factors involved and you've
been consistent with a demo account for
six months
then and only then
would i not necessarily that you need to
do this but i
would then only at that time consider
maybe
going into life fun trading
but i don't ever tell my students i
never answer an email when they say
do you think i'm really going to lie i
don't answer those questions i say i
don't know you tell me
or generally i ignore those emails
because there is never going to be a
record of me saying
i think you're ready to go into life on
trading and then when they blow their
account
who are they going to blame
naturally the human is going to say
well it wasn't my fault there was a guy
that told me i should do it
he told me to jump off the bridge
so
i never put myself in that situation
okay and i don't think any mentor or
educator worth their salt would ever
tell you
to go out and risk life money because
experience has taught me that i got into
live trading way too fast
way way too fast in 1992 that was the
worst thing i could have done
for my development was rush to get into
real money trading and i had no idea
what i was doing
i tricked myself into believing it was
so easy reading one book
no real back testing whatsoever
and i was like well you know i can see
this one two three top and one two three
bottom idea you can see it
yeah i saw it one two three i was gone
in my first trade 50 history goodbye
close the account send me my money i was
afraid
but
when we understand what it is we're
trying to do obviously you it comes with
a great deal of
nervousness and
anxiety because you have not put the
time into back testing and then forward
testing it with a demo account
so if you feel this
tug of war this butterfly feeling in
your stomach where you just you can't
relax and you're engaging in the
marketplace
you're not ready
that's the bottom line you're not ready
you have to desensitize yourself
with the results not being
a factor
if you lose it doesn't make a difference
to you
you're indifferent to it
and it doesn't seem possible that you
could be indifferent to losing money
but a student
that has a solid
price action model a trade plan that's
well documented they know what they're
going to do
why they're doing it what they're
waiting for
what will cause them to push the button
to get in
where their stop loss is going to be how
much they're going to risk what they're
going to aim for where their partials
are going to be if they're going to take
partials at all
you have to know those things in advance
you can't determine them once you enter
the marketplace and that's what retail
traders do that's exactly what i did in
1992.
i got into a trade
and then i tried to figure out what i
was supposed to do once i was there i
want you to see what it is
that i was showing last night
and even though
i'm not personally willing to risk my
live account right now because of the
conditions that we have at the present
ukraine and all that business
all the uncertainties you know potential
black swan event anytime can
pop off and i don't want to expose
myself to that measure of risk
especially since
i have hit all my numbers
the market is delivered to what i
expected in my
analysis so i'm not worrying
about trying to get in and do anything
else so how do i manage that
desire to get back in and do some more
i go right to a demo account i work
inside of a paper account
it provides me context
it keeps me
glued obviously to
what the market's doing so i'm staying
plugged in if you will
close to the market being able to read
the tape so that way i can answer
student questions
i can still teach around the markets
doing right now
and that way my students can still
appreciate the level of depth that i'm
providing
but i'm not taking on monetary risk when
i don't believe it's wise for me to do
so because if i'm wrong let's say i'm
wrong
and i traded today with live funds or if
i traded
on monday and i lose what i gained in
february
that would eat at me
all through the month of march
so it's toxic thinking and i learned
that the hard way many years ago so
what i'm going to show you obviously was
executions in the trading view paper
trading account but i want to make sure
you understand because
it's so many people out there that have
this issue with me teaching in a demo
which is compliance like i'm not
licensed to give you trade advice so i
operate through the function of a demo
account
to protect me and protect you you know
you can't make that money
you're not following me in a trade so if
i was wrong
you don't take a financial loss and if
i'm right you can't make money
and get tricked into thinking that the
only way you're gonna make money is to
follow me see there's a balancing that's
being done there
and if i'm wrong if i don't know what
i'm doing and these things don't work
they'll fail on the demo account just as
easily they would be failing in the live
account
so with that foundation laid let's go
into the discussion so idea is we went
below this low
i don't want to sell it short even
though i'm bearish
so what's it likely to reach up into
well i'm thinking it could potentially
trade up into this up closed candle here
okay i'm thinking it could trade into
that the low or the open of that candle
so that's kind of like the magnet or the
draw on liquidity
so
it also
could reach up into this little area
right here because there's a fair value
got there
just like we had it here
and here and filled in
it can go right up into this
go right up there and then still
resume going lower it might need to go
up into that
so
i went in this morning and i was
watching
the
nasdaq and the e-mini s p
e s p had a lot of
energy to the upside
and
usually these markets move in tandem
that means they're generally moving
together
and even though that nasdaq was a little
bit lethargic and wasn't trying to go up
as quick and as fast as es or e-mini s p
the tendency is that it will
be drawn to the same degree that the
other indices were so if es was higher
and q which is nasdaq futures should be
you brought higher
in sympathy
all boats rise in high tide in basically
what i'm saying
now if we look at the hourly chart
this is what i was seeing
i was trading all this in a demo account
and
it ran up into
levels
it became absurd now so
i satisfy my itch
when i'm not trying to trade with the
live account
in the demo account and i'll run them up
real quick
there is no
fraud
required and none of those things are
required to make these things compound
and blow up really quick in terms of the
equity increases
but i'm going to show you how even with
a micro account
so
if you haven't already noticed this is
the micro e-mini nasdaq
so every one point
or four ticks
is equivalent to
two dollars
okay
and i went in with the idea that i'm
using a micro account
with a discount broker and a discount
broker i'm hypothetically using while
i'm taking these executions is i'm
hypothetically
trading with an amp
amp futures account
and i'll show you their margins and show
you the details as to what i'm
basically implying by doing these things
here
down closed candle
after a run up
we retraced
went down inside this gap see that
this area here
when it trades down
towards this gap
this is the draw on liquidity up here as
well near term
so above these relative equal highs we
have what
livestocks or buy-side liquidity
so i'm thinking that
the algorithm is not letting price go
lower
so it's going after everyone that's been
profitable going short
so
where are their stops
right here
so we're just going to call it 14 110
okay real
simple the market starts to rally
and leaves this down closed candle
i'm going to watch to see if it can
trade back down into that
because if it does i'm going to treat
that as a bullish order block
remember what i taught last night
if the move has been bullish
down closed candles should not be
violated
down closed candles
should not be violated
they're going to act as support
bearish market moves
up close candles should not be breached
and broken through
never even come back
so when you're bearish and you're
watching the market go down
and you see candles starting to form a
potential up close candle you as a
neophyte that is new to trading
these are the moments where you get
scared you basically snap yourself out
the desire to hold the trade and you
just collapse the trade because you
can't handle it
it's that overwhelming
uncertainty that eats at you like mental
cancer it just literally makes you want
to just get out of the trade even when
you're profit
you ever feel that
the trade's profitable and you're like i
just can't stand it anymore i gotta get
out
you're making money your trade is
profitable quote unquote in a demo
it's worse when you have live account
funds and
you have a profit because if you don't
have the wherewithal and the experience
of submitting to these ideas and
watching them come to fruition over and
over again
months of experience not just a week or
day
you're going to feel like you just want
to collapse the trade
so
when i teach my students
when you're looking for a price move
that's going to be a long-term
price swing not that this is a long-term
price swing in the sense of time but on
this time frame
for one hour this is a nice decline
it's a
prolonged
price swing
it's not like little tiny little
movements in here
and vice versa we have it here it's
going higher
so all the down closed candles does it
go below this down close candle when it
starts to retrace no
we expect this to be areas where they're
going to accumulate more long positions
we retrace
going down into an imbalance
and the market rallies above the down
close candle
does it support price yes
time of day
is important so i'm watching when price
comes back down into it here
i'm taking the opening price extending
it out in time
when that occurs
then i know i have a setup where i can
go long
but i want to go into the time frames a
little lower than the hourly chart give
me a little bit more context because we
do have a low
that has a higher low to the left and a
higher low to the right
so that makes this what
enemy term
low
this retracement here
this might be
trading into an imbalance which is what
i'm teaching you to look for
but the overall market structure is
it's likely to go higher and aim for a
run above these highs
by side liquidity resting right up there
so we're going to take these levels
this red level is anchored to this here
relative equal highs
five stops are above that
rallies comes back down in we're looking
to see if it wants to run through that
notice this high
in this high it creates what
relative equal highs
retail-minded traders are going to see
that and say oh this is exactly what the
text say about resistance
so it's acting as a ceiling
price acting like a ceiling what should
they expect to see price do go over
so here's that level where the body
stops are
we're above it rather here's that hourly
down closed candle which is a bullet
shorter block
notice the down closed candle is made up
of two candles on the fifth minute time
frame
price moves away from it goes above it
right here does it create an imbalance
here
yes
that is how you determine your high
probability bullish order block it must
have the imbalance
coupled with the down closed candle
and the underlying narrative that it's
likely to go higher to reach for buy
side liquidity
period okay it's it's that's it
there is no
engulfing candle does this forget all
that you don't need that okay it's
the gap
plus the down closed candle plus the
idea that's likely to go for my side
liquidity
that's it okay
so
i just noticed by the way there's a guy
out there
trying to hawk a seven dollar indicator
and
he says he's the real deal
and it's all about order blocks
and
i'm not going to change the name on that
just let you know
so we're trading down into this
imbalance here
but now we're doing it at the time of
day after the equity is open at 9 30 in
the morning new york time
so
volatility
the initial move is
technically the
incorrect move
going into the opening at 9 30. so this
is like a judas swing
so think about what we're seeing here
now
the markets likely go up above this
level here to take the buy side because
the market's unwilling to go lower the
algorithm keeps pressing higher higher
it retraces down into the 930 opening
this is that fake move
don't chase this
and don't chase going higher right
before the equity is opening 930 either
so you have to take a step back and
figure out what is your looking for
well i'm looking for a discount market
low
to high i'm below 50 yes i'm inside the
order block yes
the equities opening has happened
i'm bullish and it has traded lower so
public is going to be thinking what it's
resistance
it's going to keep going down
to what there's your support level
because it bounced there last time so
they're going to think there
well
it doesn't do that
down to a five minute chart
it hits the order block and then rallies
what is this
what's your favorite gun
market trades back down in overlaps that
gap between this candle's high and this
candle is low
this right here
that right there
that is one order block
with a lower time frame order block and
a fair value cut
you can take that trade if you know what
you're looking for and you understand
bias narrative
and where the liquidity matrix is likely
to lead to later on which is drawing up
above this red level here
my stops are above here
so if they're going to send the price
higher from here
and start rallying that supposes that
there's someone that got on board long
here where would their ideal exit be
six points higher
10 points higher no
you're going to want to take it up here
where there's willing
buyers
with buy stocks to protect their short
positions
so when the market trades above that
level
the buy stops become market orders to
buy the market which floods the market
with liquidity for those that have
bought down here
they can sell to those willing buyers at
a higher price
which they're waiting for
down here
and waiting for that price rally to go
up now as the market goes higher
the expectation is my expectation was
i want to go along in here
and reach for this high
this was my entry
idea that it's overlapping filling in
that gap and it's an order block here
with a higher timeframe order block
there so there's an hierarchy higher
time frame to a lower time frame with
the idea
framed on
it's going higher
for buy side
i have an intermediate term low
forming
and now
this
when it fills in that gap
once that happens what did i teach you
last night this becomes
an intermediate term low
this low should not be taken out once it
starts rallying it should not come back
down here
what else did i teach you
if price is going higher
down closed candles should support price
well it trades above it here this down
close candle is high right there it
trades above it on this candle right
there and starts going higher but then
look what happens it starts to go back
down
you might come down here and stop me up
i'm not thinking that i'm looking at
this down close candle thinking it's
only going right back down into this
down close candle to accumulate more
long positions
so smart money traders are going to be
buying more here
like i did
rallied
we have down close candles
we went above it
i'm not worrying about the market as
long as it doesn't take out these two
down close candles
trades down gets real close to that but
does it eat up and go through
that range of these two down close
candles no it just retraces down into
what an imbalance why so smart money can
buy again
like i did
the market rallies again
and goes into
the bicep equity
order block
trades through it here get long
fair value got
order block
retracement get long
imbalance with the fair value gap trades
back down
doesn't even come back down into the
order block
this is classic it generally doesn't
like to go all the way back in rebalance
when it's that close to the profit
objective so the algorithm only has a
small little retracement inside the fair
value gap so you would be a buyer
just that that candle is
low
it runs right to
the
target now i know some of you
just don't trust me
these are trading view execution errors
and i'm going to log in to trading view
and actually show you
by highlighting these actual arrows
but i'm going to take you down into the
charts
they'll all be all the way down into a
30 second chart so you can see the
grouping of where i actually entered
with this logic okay
now remember enemy term low is down here
this should never be overtaken until the
objectives reached
so all this price action leg here
is
i trust that it's going to keep going
higher as long as the down closed
candles keep price above it
above what above the down close candles
that's going to be supporting
each new leg higher the market should
not retrace back down below those
so what am i saying
for trailing stop losses
you do not want to take your stop loss
if say you brought it down here like i
did
and your stop was below the middle of
this candle that's mean threshold of the
bullshort block so i don't think it's
going to go down below that once i'm
entering
then it starts around goes above this
candle's
high
my stop-loss must remain below this
candle's low because it can dig into
that candle
because it's going to act as a order
block
then the market rallies away comes back
down retraces now if i put my stop loss
inside this area here
i'm stopped out prematurely
chances are you probably wouldn't have
the wherewithal to get back in you'd
think well
i just lost out one potential profit i
made a little gain but i'm afraid to get
back in you because it took me out
that's infancy that's because you don't
know what you're doing
everybody was like that i was like that
but you grow out of it
if you do the same things i'm teaching
you over time
it's built into your understanding and
it's ingrained in your understanding
about price delivery
the market rallies above takes out these
two down closed candles now the stock
can be raised from whatever would be
below this down close candle now it can
be raised below this down closed candle
because the idea is these closed candles
are one order block that should not be
violated if it's bullish
if it comes down and breaks the low of
these down closed candles
well there you go
you probably did the right thing by
getting stopped down
because it might be failing and going
lower how's that for logic
you're not gonna be perfect i'm not
perfect
even though you see these errors on the
lowest candle here
and it goes out to the exit here right
above that
this is not photoshopped i've never had
to do a photoshop okay i've never had to
do that
but i'm teaching you the logic right out
of last night's lesson i went right into
the market this morning no it's not done
with a live account
but i'm showing you in theory
with the application of a demo account
which is the same live data that would
be utilized in my td ameritrade account
or your live account if you have one
these candles are forming just like they
would be in your live account
but i'm executing with the logic i'm
teaching you right out of last night's
lesson
now
here is the one-minute chart
all right so here we're over in trading
view
everything is
live printing right now this is
where we're at at the moment it's just
hanging around that old high
now i'm not upset i missed this move
here i could care less
i'm going for logical
places where liquidity is going to be
resting
and i'm entering
in logical places that would
reasonably expect to see price advance
higher from where i'm buying
it's not complicated
but watching last night's lesson can
feel like you're trying to learn
a foreign language and expect it to
understand how to speak it fluently two
hours later
don't let that happen okay
i can make these lessons
as deep
as i want them to be but i'm showing you
how i'm taking very complex topics
and simplifying them in a manner that
hopefully is easily
received by you as a student
so i showed you the hard
perspective
last night
that's advanced market structure
now i've simplified it within the scope
of what i teach in this youtube channel
do you see the difference
it's only in the manner of how i'm
teaching it but it's the same things
it's the same ideas that i've just
simply made it easier i've created a
language
that helps me communicate what i taught
last night in a much more palatable
method
so that way
it's not as complicated seeing it like
this
this makes sense to you all you're like
okay now we're back into this stuff it
makes sense now i'm teaching you the
same thing i taught you last night
i'm just not teaching it to you
at the degree that is
in my head
you might be thinking well you know keep
it to yourself i see i don't need to see
it like that and that's okay i get it
it's fine
but
this right here these are the elements
that make up
really simple
logical setups
that repeat every single week and many
times every day
so
i started i ran up the other
paper trading account to like 200 some
thousand dollars this morning and
i was thinking myself okay now we're in
territories it's just gonna feel silly
you're not gonna have any interest in
seeing that it's it at that point it
becomes okay
now we're absurd you know it's just
ridiculous you're not going to believe
that this is possible
or maybe some of you do and you think
you want to go out there and try to do
the same thing with your live account
either one of those things
are not my goal okay it's just me
losing myself in price action so
i treat it like a game
it's a
puzzle
so i'm looking for
the outcome
of a specific trading session or a
trading day
and i'm trying to navigate those
candlesticks and that's what you're
seeing here
if i hover over top of these little
arrows
okay you can see that they're not
photoshopped
and
you make them appear
by going into the trading view settings
and you click the little execution
box here
watch below the swing lows and above
that something high you'll see them
toggle on and off it's all going on and
off
okay
so this is
proving precision number one it's
proving theory in action
and it's proving
that it's not
flawed logic
none of this is retail absolutely none
of it
there's nothing here that's elliott wave
none of it's harmonic
none of it is supply and demand
none of this is chris laurie's stuff
i have a lot of chris laurie students
lots of them
and they'll tell you this isn't even
taught in his stuff either so
with that said let's go over to
the paper trading account
this is just again illustrate
for the folks that say well you know you
can't really grow an account if you're
using micro accounts and that was some
of the comments i got also and i'm like
stop thinking you need a lot to make a
lot you don't you need to be able to
compound
the things that you see me do
in these accounts and they're being
parlayed up really quick
every time
i'm buying like i bought right here let
me see if i can get this to go away for
a second when i bought the three
micros here
the next time i see a buy signal that's
below the area i'm aiming for above that
red level
i'm gonna try to buy more but i'm not
gonna buy more than three
i'm gonna buy now two
i'm pyramiding
i'm building the biggest position
initially and then every time i buy in
again i'm building it with a smaller
position than i had prior to the when
i'm entering now
because i have all the equity behind
that entry with three supporting the two
i'm buying here so even if it starts to
re you know retrace too deep on me i
have the ability to weather a little bit
more whereas if i say
i want to be a buyer of one here
two here
three here that's an inverted pyramid
it's not stable imagine a pyramid upside
down and it's balancing on its point
it's not
it's not a solid foundation it's wobbly
so i'm building the biggest base at the
bottom of the pyramid or position size
in its initial position entry so i'm
buying three here
then i'm buying two here
then i'm buying one here
and then i'm letting it run to my profit
objective
okay
with that said starting with a
hypothetical ten thousand dollar account
just this morning
over 21
one trade
with three
scalings
okay i consider this all one trade i
don't consider this three separate
trades it's one trade
scaled in largest
middle
last portion
then it runs to my objective
so the account history
starts with ten thousand dollars here
ends with twelve thousand one hundred
eleven dollars demo money okay
the history tab shows you here and if
i'm not mistaken
i have everything shown don't know
yeah time everything's toggled here
nothing's hidden
none of that and then you can see over
here
all the business there
okay
so my question to you is this
who cares if you gotta trade a micro
account
three micros two more micros one more
micro that's six micro contracts
that requires
technically
twelve hundred dollars
so i really didn't need the ten thousand
dollars to do these trades but in my
mind with proper leverage and
money management ten thousand dollars
with this position size and gearing
that's optimal anything more than this
would have been too much leverage for
that account
to make 21 plus
in one trade
who's going to argue against that being
well above average
now what happens if you do that
once a week
and that's your trade
and you stop
and once you hit it you end your trading
that's it and then you go to a demo
account
you have any idea
the leaps and bounds that you can have
in your equity increasing and the peace
of mind knowing that you don't have to
over trade
that's what i'm trying to cultivate here
in this community folks i'm not trying
to create monsters that they trade every
single day
because i say these likely form every
single day but they absolutely form
every single week that is not an
invitation for you to go out and say ict
said trade every day
no it's not what i said i'm saying if
you miss a trade
you're likely to find one tomorrow
well not tomorrow because it's saturday
but you know what i mean the next
trading day
so there's a balancing act that you have
to have
when you're listening to me
you just can't take one comment that i
say and take it completely out of
context and say
well i see he's a day trader and he's
proven that he's really precise these
concepts work i watched a couple videos
i trusted so now i'm gonna go out
looking at charts and i think i see it
forming right now and i'm going in all
in i'm in it
and then you're sitting down writing an
email to me saying i blew my account
whose fault is that
it's not mine
it's yours
when i blew my accounts it wasn't my
broker's fault
it was mine
i did not know what i was doing
i was out of control
taking 60 70 trades in a day
when you lose control
and you have no idea what you're doing
it's impossible for you to execute like
this
you have to think about these
examples
as
the goal
not that you want to be this precise
right from the beginning because you
can't be no one is it takes time to grow
into that in your understanding
but it takes
some measure of goal setting that you
have to have you know you listen to some
people after they pretend to be teachers
they'll say
having a weekly goal or a daily goal is
the stupidest thing in the world
really
i guarantee you these people are not
profitable that say that
they're hit and miss
they have periods of drawdown that are
much longer than most people would be
willing to
endure
and if you don't aim
for a target you're going to hit nothing
100 of the time
you have to have a goal
so if your goal is
to hit nothing
then obviously don't set a goal
but i set very low hanging objectives in
front of me
these things are extremely easy for my
capability and for many of my students
from the 2016 group and 2017 group they
can take trades like this
in fact i have a woman
in my group from the first group from
australia that is phenomenal she does
very very well
and
these are trades that i believe that
even you
as a youtube student
in this mentorship on my youtube channel
i believe in six months
of practice and looking at price action
you can do this yourself
and do it consistently
consistently what do you mean every day
michael no
one time a week finding something like
this
and working that position in like that
absolutely
i'm making myself available twice a week
this is an extra video today because i
know last night's video was a little bit
more deeper
than you're accustomed to
and i'm not suggesting or implying that
the lessons are going to go that
direction
i'm just stating that when i'm studying
market structure i'm studying with that
degree and more
but i had to create a language
that gets to
generally the basis of what that is
doing
without all the complications within it
so
be glad that i'm not requiring you to
understand that degree because the
language i'm teaching like in here is
accomplishing the same
method
just doing it without all of the extra
acrobatics
because i know what you're going to be
questioning
you're probably looking at your chart
thinking how do i classify this swing
high is any term high versus a short
term high in a long term high how does
he know right that's the part you're
never going to get
so i had to create a language that makes
it simple
and that's what you see in my lessons on
this youtube channel
i showed by comparing and contrasting
where i came from and what i'm providing
to the public
i can show you
just how complicated the real
intricacies are behind these
marketplaces but you do need to know
certain things that repeat and they're
very generic in price and they're not
linked or
built upon the foundation of anything
that's retail logic none of that stuff
not support resistance not any of those
other disciplines that people use and
you make businesses around
selling books and courses and such
so
one of the cool things
that
if you still are a trader that uses like
elliott wave and harmonix and things
like that
if you start studying what i'm teaching
you
for free right here
you're gonna find that your trades
that win
have my information underneath
and when your trades fail
the things i'm teaching you here
are missing
see
this is what i asked last night in the
closing the video and i'm closing this
video now again
the mystery
that plagues
all speculators
is
what
trading approach
is the one that's going to make me money
and i don't have to worry about losing
more money in flawed
approaches of trading
what you're saying is
there's a method out there
that is better
than everyone else
i'm humbly submitting to you
you have found it
it's not costing you anything
but it's going to require some work it's
going to require some time
effort it's going to feel like you can't
get it it's going to feel like you're
never going to understand it that's all
normal
it's all normal
but you'll get it
there's folks in my 2016 group that
couldn't get it
they got it now
it took them a couple years
others they get it real quick
i don't understand
why some get it quicker than others i
just know that it's like that and you
might be one of those slower learners
it's okay
i was a slow learner
but once you learn
it it's yours
you don't forget it's like riding a bike
and that should be your passion and your
pursuit to get to know how to do this
like riding a bike
you can put the bike down for a couple
years and then get back on again and
just like you never
stop writing it
and that's a comfort and a confidence
that is something that i can't
articulate in the words
and if you are able to find consistency
and profitability
it doesn't matter what you're doing in
the economies then doesn't matter how
much it's going to cost you for a gallon
of gas
or how much it's going to cost you on
your groceries
because you can outpace inflation
if you know what you're doing in these
markets
that should be your goal
always outpace inflation
and there should be no concern
i'm not promising you rich
can you get wealthy with this sure you
can
am i promising it's going to happen for
you no way
will you lose money in the process
absolutely i'm guaranteeing you're going
to lose money
every trading system discipline educator
everybody
loses in trading they take losses
some take
stunning losses and others just take
mediocre losses that are just nuisance
other traders that are really really
good can have periods of drawdown and
then regain that equity draw down back
and it's like it didn't even happen
not even skip a beat
that's experience
these are all bridges that you're going
to cross
you're going to cross them at times and
intervals that i can't outline
in advance for you but i generally know
the concerns and questions that you have
at this point
my request to you is to suspend those
feelings that you have to have all the
answers right now because you don't
you have to be
more diligent
about
placing yourself in front of the charts
and back testing and researching what
i'm showing you because it's there
and by seeing that over and over again
it's better than a book it's better than
a course
it's better than a mentorship that you
pay
because i'm teaching you how to go into
price and price will teach you
it will teach you
it's repeating
so if it's repeating
and you're looking at it constantly
you are training your eye to see what it
does
by default
when you buy a book
and you look at the examples in the book
each chapter has an idea that it's
trying to focus on
how many examples do you generally see
just a handful at most right
but
remember what was like when you got a
trading book for the first time and you
looked at it and you saw
bearish diversions and bullish
divergence was the caustic indicator and
it made it lower low in the price but it
didn't make a lower low in the
stochastic and it was a bullish
divergence and you were thinking man i
can see that that's easy
and then you start looking at it on a
live chart and when you thought it was
diverging
it just kept going lower in price
they're only going to show you the
examples that help sell the book
because they don't want you to return
the book
i'm teaching you how to go through price
action and fared out these repeating
signatures
and
it isn't just a handful of examples it's
every week
every
day and it won't stop
so enjoy your weekend
i will touch base with you on tuesday
lord willing and until then
be safe